README.md, before:

# FriendFinder

Node JS Express app that connects people basedon survey anwers.  Users fill out a survey and are matched with a profile that best mirrors the user responses.

## Getting Started

Clone the repo and run npm i.  No database setup needed.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

No tests exist for v1.0

### Break down into end to end tests

n/a


### And coding style tests

n/a

## Deployment

Currently deployed on Heroku.  In order to deploy your copy, set up a Heroku account and follow their instructions.
I presonally suggest deploying via CLI - jsut a handful of commands gets you up and running very easily.

## Built With

* [express](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - Node routing library
* [nodemon](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dev dependency that refreshes server on file changes


## Contributing

Send me a PR on GitHub

## Versioning

Current stable version is v1.0

## Authors

* **John Robertson** - *Initial work* - [portfolio site](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to TAs Matthew and Meguel for explaining routing insuch detail - much appreciated.

Commit message:

still not getting the json endpoint to render in the browser

README.md, after:

# FriendFinder

Node JS Express app that connects people basedon survey anwers.  Users fill out a survey and are matched with a profile that best mirrors the user responses.

## Getting Started

Clone the repo and run npm i.  No database setup needed.

### Prerequisites

[node.js and npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
[heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/login)

### Installing

run npm i to install dependencies.

## Running the tests

No tests exist for v1.0

### Break down into end to end tests

n/a


### And coding style tests

n/a

## Deployment

Currently deployed on Heroku (https://friendfinder-gt.herokuapp.com/).  In order to deploy your copy, set up a Heroku account and follow their instructions.

I presonally suggest deploying via CLI - just a handful of commands gets you up and running very easily.

## Built With

* [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express) - Node routing module

## Contributing

Send me a PR on GitHub

## Versioning

Current stable version is v1.0

## Authors

* **John Robertson** - *Initial work* - [portfolio site](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to TAs Matthew and Meguel for explaining routing in such detail - much appreciated.
